These bones gonna rise again.
Lord, he made a garden fair.
Made Adam then he put him there.
These bones gonna rise again.
Took a rib from Adam's side.
Made Eve to be his bride, these bones gonna rise again.
Oh, I know it, know it. Indeed, I know it. Know it, these bones gonna rise again.
...these bones gonna rise again. But that tree you mustn't pet, these bones gonna rise again.
In the garden safe and plump, these bones gonna rise again. At Miss Eve his eye he wunk, these bones gonna rise again.
At that tree she took a pull, these bones gonna rise again. Then she filled her apron full, these bones gonna rise again.
The next day when the Lord come down, these bones gonna rise again. At that pair how he did frown, these bones gonna rise again.
Oh, I know it, know it. Indeed, I know it. Know it, these bones gonna rise again.
You can't find no rest, nowhere, these bones gonna rise again.
Burn your dead body, shred your brow, these bones gonna rise again.
And I guess that's what they've been doing now, these bones gonna rise again.
Oh, I know it, know it. Indeed, I know it. Know it, these bones gonna rise again.